README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="./assets/scaleway.png"
    width="64"
  />

  <h1>Scaleway Console</h1>

Raycast extension to search containers, database, instances or Redis clusters, to perform actions, and more to come.

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/raycast/extensions/blob/master/LICENSE">
      <img
        src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"
        alt="raycast-extensions is released under the MIT license."
      />
    </a>
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg"
      alt="PRs welcome!"  
    />
  </p>
</div>

## Features

- Quick access to your serverless containers
- Deploy a container
- Get the last logs of a container
- Quick access to your instances
- Start, reboot and shutdown an instance
- Quick access to your databases
- Quick access to your Redis clusters

## Getting started

- Go to the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- Click on your organisation at the top right, and go to `Credentials`
- Generate a new API key with a purpose e.g. `raycast`, and copy your `Secret Key`
- Open a Scaleway command in Raycast and enter your `Secret Key`

![configure-extension](./assets/configure-extension.png)

That's it! You're ready to use the extension! 🚀

## Commands

### List Containers

![list-containers](./metadata/1-containers.png)

### List Last Logs of a Container

![container-logs](./metadata/2-container-logs.png)

### List Instances

![list-instances](./metadata/3-instances.png)

### List Databases

![list-databases](./metadata/4-databases.png)

### List Redis Clusters

![list-redis-clusters](./metadata/5-redis.png)

Commit message:

docs: update readme and changelog

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="./assets/scaleway.png"
    width="64"
  />

  <h1>Scaleway</h1>

Raycast extension to search containers, database, instances or Redis clusters, to perform actions, and more to come.

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/raycast/extensions/blob/master/LICENSE">
      <img
        src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"
        alt="raycast-extensions is released under the MIT license."
      />
    </a>
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg"
      alt="PRs welcome!"  
    />
  </p>
</div>

## Features

- Quick access to your serverless containers
- Deploy a container
- Get the last logs of a container
- Quick access to your instances
- Start, reboot and shutdown an instance
- Quick access to your databases
- Quick access to your Redis clusters

## Getting started

- Go to the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- Click on your organisation at the top right, and go to `Credentials`
- Generate a new API key with a purpose e.g. `raycast`, and copy your `Secret Key`
- Open a Scaleway command in Raycast and enter your `Secret Key`

![configure-extension](./assets/configure-extension.png)

That's it! You're ready to use the extension! 🚀

## Commands

### List Containers

![list-containers](./metadata/1-containers.png)

### List logs of a Container

![container-logs](./metadata/2-container-logs.png)

### List Instances

![list-instances](./metadata/3-instances.png)

### List Databases

![list-databases](./metadata/4-databases.png)

### List Redis Clusters

![list-redis-clusters](./metadata/5-redis.png)

## Development

When running in development, the fake data will be used instead of the real API.

If you want to use the real API while developing, you can set the `Use Node production environment`
setting in Raycast preferences. [See docs](https://developers.raycast.com/basics/debug-an-extension#environments).
